the Hungarians really know how Atlas
daily they were there they all get the
make Freeman of various cities with win
different rewards oh yeah they celebrate
their fathers very well here in hungry
chick any zombie Olympic gold Lane five
I guess that's we need to look at yeah
right off negative not too bad either
for them to the silver who lost out by
Isaac point like five of a second to win
the silver medal so it's gonna be really
place it means four five and six gallons
they're also good site yeah that's our
the pavillon sterba from the bronze
medal k for Crusoe brighter in the
middle there should be a great race you
gotta yeah rematch of the Olympics the
gold and silver medalists should be
should be a good one good to see they're
still in good form right in the middle
there I believe this is a closest
finishing the Olympic something with
Martin Holstein are usually they're not
not present this week so they duplicate
it's not be completely made up not quite
now I was talking to these two the
pickle yesterday after their after their
first race and they they do love a star
system over here they said it would be
recognized to all over the place
oh yeah instant superstars I don't think
they were maybe they were expecting when
the Olympics but unlike a lot of other
people were so it's a bit of a surprise
but yeah just in instant superstar time
in here in Hungary and they compute
different generations we'd off don't be
using the strike is only 26 rodica Kenny
who's won it all before he won that he
was the only one two goals in the Chavez
is 2005 he's 37 so it's a big big
difference here it seems to work
together and it looks like they're off
to a good start Portuguese here so very
very unlucky or very lucky to win win
the silver medal yeah I think they were
pretty happy with that silver medal I
played a celebration after that race
maybe it might have been Portugal's
first Olympic medal and in kayaking they
remember correctly so it's pretty huge
for them soon and a pen to 23 years old
and Emmanuel silver 27 year old from
Braga yeah so they still have a bright
future and more to come from them for
sure looks like hungry is there pretty
strong right now though well they they
have it all to do if you look at the
posters when we are coming from the
airport in Budapest which is under the
60 kilometers away from here there's the
posters of them all over the place and
here that i pasted the boys so they they
really nee have to put it down ya know
they're they're the Stars and I'm sure
they're expected to perform here it
looks like so far they're they're
filling up blue shoes we've got some
Cubans overlain one we don't often see
Cuban kayakers generally Cuba doesn't
send their
athletes are very strong so good to see
them in the final right now typically a
Morris canoe strong country where they
leading by open water at the moment time
of 138 it looks like Poland this is
China stay close as well as russia and
czech republic russia they got st.
approve happen they didn't do as well as
expected in the end the k4 in the
Olympics earlier Medvedev nant on dry
cough so perhaps they're disappointed
there right by the way for his business
down he competed with picked an until
2000 for that desire to change changes
allegiance but yes hungry leading out
with style looks like Portugal's pretty
much stop the race not sure what
happened there with their load right
down completely out of it so we got
hungry and Russia rustic trying to make
a move at the end here see if they can
hunt down the dermis through Hungarians
born still in third place in the Texan
for the tech programs improved a lot the
last 45 years
a lot of great athlete
they can do the cape or as well educated
okay falling it is me coming no I think
they are they're saving that for at home
next we can replace it looks like the
Russians are making
not in the script this that don't make
any of space to win
the last one
hungries responding through the Russian
challenge
gonna hold them all
40 meters to go
pequeno I've done what is the place to
do
champion woke up champions and all
mamita
I guess the Russians what we got happy
to take it so please yeah the clothes
they always want to win I look like that
a strong race
didn't I brighten up again here's the
the pasty boy he's not a hair out of
place yeah there they go make another
poster not another advertising contacts
and everything same for ya the
Portuguese are just coming in now so
clearly something went wrong maybe one
of them heard something or something
broke clearly things didn't go the way
they wanted that's a shame but so far
they call the Hungarians will be
absolutely delighted that just won the
women's k2's they had that they had a
couple more podiums another victory here
I tired of the other who came second in
the the c1 so it's basically look at
this there's a lot of big teams here 41
teams entitled the the Russians got a
big teams a serbian you've got a big
team the Chinese they got 70 athletes
here they what was the deal with China
because they they didn't have many wins
at the moment do they but they have
their pack that everyone's here yeah I
mean it's an interesting it's a they're
not well known I mean obviously we don't
see them as often but a huge team I'm
not sure it's they had some Olympic
champions in 2004 2008 in the sea too
but since then yeah not a lot of podium
finishes for them though I'm I either
looking old or they're looking very
young but what exactly it's yesterday
here we go confirmation now unofficially
and Hungarians of course there